[Applause]
thanks for coming when did you know I'm
very interested in your life right I
want to know like when goop came out
that minute I was ordering stuff off of
it do you ever look up my account to see
what I've ordered I believe in you no
privacy okay thank you because every
once a while I think hm I wonder if
they're looking at this you were right
yeah sure what so like for today for
instance did you do anything weird where
do you put your head in a beehive or
milk a goat or anything like that
unfortunately not today how old are your
kids no my daughter it will be 16 in May
and my
yeah she's and my son will be 14 in
April so they're at the age where you
really start like kind of looking into
what your mom's up to are they involved
in any of this stuff that they like
examine any of your all these things and
going mom what are you doing hey you
know what's so interesting I think I
think it must be pretty surreal for them
to be the kids of somebody well both of
their parents are in the public eye yeah
and it's interesting to watch them sort
of evolve along with our careers as they
go I mean they're you know it's fun
actually my son said to me the other day
he was like you know at first I thought
it was really embarrassing that there
were vibrators on your website and now I
think it's a great thing
you're a feminist mom sure you're a
badass
sounds like he's smart Wow yeah no I
don't think I I don't think I've ever
said the word vibrator with my mother in
the room you guys are really way ahead
of the game here what kind of kid were
you at that age when you were 13 I was
just trying to figure it all out and I
was super insecure and it's a tough age
that middle school were you a good
student um not in middle school no no
Kerry Washington was here and she said
that you were in the I don't know if you
were in at the same time but in the same
a cappella group at at school yes we
went to the same school uh-huh and she's
a beautiful voice and so when I was
leaving she was coming she was a rising
freshman so she auditioned for me and my
group my cohort of you auditioned Carrie
can you imagine do you have any memory
of rock songs you had her do I don't
remember what she's saying but I just
remember she was so beautiful what was
the name of the group it was called
triple trio triple trio so were there
nine kids in it there were but I went
back for my reunion and there were like
20 girls in it and yeah
they added people yeah that's weird
did you guys sing at the Reunion no oh
you did it no they sang so I was like
pow 20 like what's happening too many
people yeah maybe they had all like
three years there and then each person
that it would add up to be more I your
math is confounding but that's what my
accountant says okay so you did this and
you were you were what songs did you
sing like triple trio so it was like
old-fashioned you know kind of
barbershop quartet about those kind of
things all acapella no but that kind of
music all three or four part harmony a
cappella you guys to be like now and by
the Old Mill Stream and stuff like
really saying you know for the longest
time by Billy Joel okay yeah yeah that's
kind of yeah and and then more
old-fashioned you know why would you do
like Billy Joel's like yeah we got a new
one we got a hot new hit here yeah you
know in the 80s when it was Billy Joel
was yeah he still is on he still is
amazing with the possible exception of
we didn't start the fire I've never gone
by a Billy Joel song new arm you have
this show that I find very interesting
because what you've done is and I think
you gravitate towards these unusual
treatments what would you call how would
you classify these things yeah well I
think that what what I'm really
interested in and what we're interested
in that goop is the idea that we are all
free thinkers and able to do things and
try things that might benefit our
wellness so people are trying things
called cannabis but that is like so you
have this team so we have it's a variety
of teams yes we have we have one yes we
have a big team and so when we went to
do the show we had certain subjects that
we wanted to learn more about and ask
questions about whether you know sort of
emerging in fields of science and in
some cases alternative medicine so
there's an episode on fasting and
longevity there's an episode on cold
therapy there's an episode on female
sexuality etc there's an episode on
magic mushrooms
yes I'm psychedelics yeah so the
government right now is funding a study
to see how psychedelics can really help
with PTSD and and depression and and so
it's pretty interesting that those are
at the office how do you figure out
who's gonna go like who's volunteering
to go to Tim
and take the magic mushrooms Wow
is that assigned so no no I think that
would be illegal
I think so too that's why I'm asking we
had a big Excel spreadsheet going and we
would say this is what the episode is
about and then if somebody was
interested in participating they would
sign up and then we figured out who
might the best people you know be but a
lot of people wanted to do the magic
mushrooms episode yeah and really you're
kind of like like on the Weather
Channel's there's the anchor who sits in
the studio and then they go to the
reporter who's out in the hurricane you
mostly are not participating in these
things
well I participated in the fasting
longevity one opened in the the shots of
God that's the longevity when I had the
vampire facial yeah yeah and does that
work did you find any like result
[Applause]
afterwards yeah I look pretty I ever do
one of these things that go like oh that
was nothing that was ridiculous I
sometimes yeah sometimes you do that's
what you got to be the guinea pig for
yeah right and will you tell the people
like oh yeah this is bogus we did not
speak to my dead grandmother or anything
like that well in that case we just
wouldn't write about it we don't like to
be negative I so we just skip over okay
so there's a product that has my nose
you see the great deal of attention in
the news I I have to say I heard about
this like 300 times I know there's no
reason to apologize
it started as like a funny joke kind of
a it is funny well we're gonna take a
look at a new product from goop when we
returned when the powder I was here it's
our favorite subject to vaginas the
vagina is the birth canal only you want
to talk about the vulva which is the
clitoris and the inner lips and all that
good around it
the vagina is only the birth canal Oh
see I'm getting an anatomy lesson that I
didn't I thought the vagina was the hole
no no no no well you learn something new
all the time they really do that that is
you show is called the dink lab that is
on Netflix and that lady is 90 year old
sex therapist she's incredible she's 90
years old and she really believes in
female sexual pleasure and she's made a
whole career out isn't it interesting
how little we actually know about our
bodies where you have this woman telling
you what your vagina is they're like oh
how about that I didn't realize that's
what it was and what is it again the
vagina yeah yeah vagina it's just the
canal and the vulva like Betty says is
all the stuff on the outside uh-huh so
which is more important than really how
long have you been married
so this is the product that we're
talking about this is a real product
this is not a joke or maybe it is I
don't know but it's a real product
before who came up with this idea what
maniac came up with this a French person
well so Douglas little who is the owner
of heretics perfume he's in this box
he's really little where we're very
close friends and we work together a lot
he does all of our fragrances for us and
one day we were smelling different
fragrances and I was joking around and I
said I smelled something and I said but
that I was like wouldn't that be cool if
somebody actually had the guts to do
that what a punk rock feminist statement
to have that on your table and then he
made it I thought it was too I thought
he just made me one as a joke but then
the next thing I knew it was on my
website so so they didn't do any like
testing or anything like that to try to
because it doesn't it smells like it
smells nice
it smells kind of like it's not a little
bit masculine really like it has like
kind of woody like I don't know now
everything dirty I yeah but it doesn't
really you know what I'm saying it's not
really supposed to smell like a vagina
it's supposed to oh well it does say on
I mean this is false advertised
it's you know I think a lot of women
have grown up with a certain degree of
shame or embarrassment around this part
oh so we're kind of like yo now have you
thought about making one for men I mean
we have a lot of shame too there was a
Canadian candle company that made a
candle called this smells like my balls
and it was 25% more expensive than this
too because of the wage gap whoa
[Applause]
or maybe it's because there are two of
them yes so people can't buy it because
it's sold out like a medium we have more
in right now else are you selling these
lighters these little flip-flop boshu
lighters
oh no we bought this next for you is it
true that Elton John bought like like a
lot of these things that's what we heard
we heard that he bought like a hundred
you looked into his account no he said
it somewhere you know yeah he bought a
hundred at least he's working on a song
my vagina smells like a candle in the
wind or something like that would be
great for your acapella reunion next
time when it eventually gets a little
debt back down to nine I don't know if
you guys take a class but well you do
have something going here I'll tell you
what I mean it is unbelievable you pull
one of these products on your website
and everyone talks about it all the time
and they go Gweneth puncture was crazy
and then you yeah very crazy very very
rich and very crazy I mean it's really
unbelievable well I have no idea what to
say yeah well there's nothing to say
this candle smells like your vagina what
more it says it all
well it's great this is the show is
called the goop lab it's on Netflix now
what it paltrow everybody will be back
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it